effortless you guys looking for ultra
street fighter 4 just stick around
because it will be available for you
guys to watch a little bit late in the
evening after the ultimate voluntary
pool play that would explain tonight
rice and the purple PZ and the original
red zero yeah looks like easy I'm sorry
you got me finish of course oh yeah he
doesn't like to do those boots no he
goes to the reset at least that's how
phoenix dies
quick up/down faints the high but he
goes low opens them up giving him a
little bit of respect that reset let's
see Virgil how did he block that but you
couldn't block the follow up he wasn't
done just yet I think he might hear from
here now hello
alright so PC point opt in to spend
beers are finished or Virgil or the old
school lightning son even the same one
again yep number two hey I'm up here
oops I'm down there he's like can I put
these headphones on will they help me
did mine he put them on I was just a
mistake he didn't even realize and put
it here in here I couldn't hear so now
we're going by the back for real now
let's see what's good lets people feel
dizzy Wow nice teleport cancel their
lightning cancel I mean it ought to
describe it cluster cancel Buster
cancelled lightning yeah I asked it with
all a lie to cancel let's go with that
rice is trying to get something trying
to have something to say about 200
matchup but a falling in the wrong space
there mrs. the follow-up still shot him
with the colorful shop
cross Thunder oh he tried to get him
with the tent now I trust him I had it a
break double-bag I don't you know he
just knew about it i guess that's crazy
like boy like he didn't know that the
first one was coming and then maybe i
just wrote to sorry i'm just going to
keep mashing maybe but you know that if
you put in an input for their first
exchange right it locks you out of
trying to give him too much second he
did the first one you do is like hey I'm
gonna do it out I'm gonna start mashing
now you know easy boy another game oh
alright look like you might make sure I
worker rice 20 the loser of this match
must face a demon hiyo
alright so rice getting coached by one
of his friends there
if you were dying fine okay in three oh
man this is looking bad already right to
start pick up did not get the lunch not
done yet he's got the salvaging ready I
woke up not blocking that's gonna steal
zero stay here
well
went for the world saitek that time got
it what a that was a crazy infinity star
there I want to go out all right nice
guy easy boy it's got juicy hail here we
go let's go rice boil them now see it
just took a little bit of time oh damn
about that all right pick up again he's
got another chance okay all right oh
that is not hit right I've worked out
for him
might be a DAC yes he does see what he's
got with the Virgil in the swords he
fences air from Asia oh no no respect oh
somebody had to do it haha we see those
like once a day lately I love it pretty
good hahaha good time to do it Oh
sasa couvreux yeah actually under cool
as a multiplayer used to place I on all
I knew him at the TVC player okay I
think it plays a lot of different anime
games I think he play car us he did
actually you're right he was doing
infinite's on people at stuff fight
another this was gonna go to pc 30 over
rice and Tom plus she's like I just
looked at the clock and it was two
o'clock announce 3y easy way Kubo to
escape just because he played over cuz
he got he did the store he did storage
or something okay so you just like to
get away till the sides right now yeah
your way a little bit of it that's
really the best is but it's good for
wasting time in a lot of situations in
general yeah alright so now rice is
going to try and suck against always
Scott like Stephen hi oh
Oh God